Where it all begins... Allows you to spread your virus gaining new infections and deaths.
Unlock Active Ability: Spread Virus.

Allows your virus to life in death people.
Massively increase the chance to infect people.

Your virus evolves to become harder to resist.
Increases the chance to infect people and lowers the average natural resistance.

Your virus now survives better in air.
Increases the chance to infect people.

The virus decreases the production of white blood cells, when entering the body.
Decreases the average natural resistance.

Your virus has bought chaos to the world. Times are changing.
Increase / decrease the maximal / minimal ideal temperature of the virus.

People start coughing virus disguised as white blood cells.
Heavily decreases the average natural immunity and increases the chance to infect people.

The virus starts a massively over production of red blood cells upon entering the body.
Decreases the average natural resistance.

Enables your virus to go dormant in the body. It will not get detected as easily and can survive between generations.
Increases the chance for infected to stay infected between generations.

Enables you to either lower / raise temperature depending on earlier choices.
Unlocks building: Ice Age / Global Warming.

Deaths will soon become your greatest resource.
Increases death rate.

Enables you to increase chance to infect people.
Unlocks building: Chaos.

Enables you to increase the amount of people infected meet per generation.
Unlocks building: Fake News.

Enables you to decrease natural resistance.
Unlocks building: Anti Vaxxers.

When Chaos spreading in the population and Fake News roaming the media has a symbiotic effect.
Increase the effectiveness of Chaos and Fake News.

It is getting hard to determine what is real and what is fake. Now Fake News starts to spread from mouth to mouth and not only through expensive media.
Decrease cost multiplier of Fake News.

Anti Vaxxers starts spreading Fake News on the media.
Increases the effectiveness of Anti Vaxxers and Fake News.

Enables you to kill immune people.
Unlocks building: Jalousi.

Your virus starts evolving towards dangerous symptoms.
Increases death rate.

When your virus enters people's bodies, they start an unhealthy overproduction of unusual hormones.
Increases death rate.

Your virus becomes more deadly than ever.
Increases death rate.

People start coughing causing more infections and more deaths.
Increases the chance to infect people and increases death rate.

Enables you to kill immunes by giving normal people a hormone overdose, causing them to attack each other.
Unlocks Active Ability: Hormone Overload.

Breathing gets harder every day after the virus infects one's body. The virus is able to stay alive in a body, as long as there is no oxygen.
Increases death rate and slightly increases the chance for infected to stay infected between generations.

Everyone who gets infected starts to cough blood, causing a massive increase in infected dying.
Increase the chance to infect people and heavily increases death rate.

When the population starts dying from different symptoms more and more funerals are held, causing more social interaction.
Increases the amount of people infected meet per generation and slightly increases death rate.

Helps your virus spreading.
Increases the chance to infect people, mutation point gain and the amount of people infected meet per generation.

Your virus learns to spread more effectively on contact.
Increases the amount of people infected meet per generation.

Instead of focusing on gaining more infected your virus evolves towards a faster mutation rate inside those who are already infected.
Increases mutation points gain.

Your virus becomes more infectious.
Increase the chance to infect people.

Learning from Germs, your virus are now able to live outside a body for a longer duration.
Increases the amount of people infected meet per generation and slightly increases infection rate.

Enables you to double your mutation points on use by starting a massive reproduction for a short period.
Unlocks Active Ability: Mutation Overload.

Your virus has become so dominant, that it will now start to devour other microorganisms inside your body, causing it to rapidly mutate when entering a new victim.
Get a chance to gain mutation points when infecting new people.

When chaos starts spreading there is less options for sanitizing.
Increases chance to infect people.

As with any crisis, there is always people, who refuses to believe in reality and they start spreading Fake News, while ignoring recommendations of lowering social contact.
Increases the amount of people infected meet per generation.

Some people do not believe in vaccines. Getting more of these people means lowering the average vaccine coverage of the population.
Decreases the average natural resistance.

"Why do they get to become immune, while I have to live in fear?" Is what they are thinking, as they start to kill each other out of Jalousi.
Kill a small percentage of all immune.
